ToDo.txt

- In some computers or some security programs do not allow the application to create a subdirectory.
  There is an exception by Download to the directory NeueVersion. Do the following:
  a. Check in the application if the directory exists. If not try to create the directory with 
     the necessary permissions. Handle the case when it not is possible
  b. Create the directory with the installer (already added in the Inno file). 
     Write comments in the source code that it is necessary that the installer creates 
	 the directory or that the user creates it.
  c. Write perhaps instructions in the manual what to do when there is a problem


- Remove subdirectory Vorlagen and all code for this. Replaced by Intranet

- Perhaps always download Anhang (PDF program) or remove it. Write more in the manual that one can
  put files there

-In the manual emphasize that one has first to download the new version and then remove the application
 before the new version is installed.

- End application if addresses not are loaded. Copy from Addresses

- Add CSV field names to the configuration file. For instance used in _GetAllEmailAdresses

2017-12-27 

Download manual from the server. Add manual to Admin Documents

Remove posters from the Server in Admin Intranet or ....

Make this requirement list available in this program, in Admin and in Intranet 

Check that new version works like for the other applications

Register computer name with Admin and use to select mail addresses

2018-01-06

Add a start menu which is a selector of type of newsletter:
Concert-Newsletter, Saison-Newsletter, Magazin-Newsletter, Supporter-Newsletter, ConfirmSubscription-Newsletter and Other-Newsletter

Concert-Newsletter: Remove DateTimePicker and let the user select concert
                    Get Posters (only for coming concerts) from the Concert directories (no more copy to Plakat on the server)
					Make a new dialog

Saison-Newsletter: Dialog for Concert-Newsletter can probably be used. Just set parameters, get data (saison-program) from server, etc

Magazin-Newsletter: Send newsletter to newspapers/magazines with this program
                    Make a separate XML file with addresses and default (different) texts for each magazin

ConfirmSubscription-Newsletter: Every new subscription should be confirmed with an email. The same time the Email address will be tested

Supporter-Newsletter: Confirm payment. Add first the amount in the address-program, then send confirmation and message that card will be sent or ...

Other-Newsletter: No construction of subject, no selection of concert
 